This video I'm going to show how to install the army integrated development environment so that later
on we will use it in order that up a small program when we know the process is very simple.
This is the lead of the Web site from where you can download the Arduino the software.
As already mentioned is a cross-platform so you can install it on any operating system including Mac
operating system Windows and Ubuntu.
Yes we are going to work with our we know and integrate with the US so we need to install it in our
Ubuntu operating system where rust is started.
So let's see how that works.
Now I move back to my Ubuntu machine where I have just installed and this is the software download website.
You can download the latest version and currently the latest version is Arduino one point eight point
six.
So you can download it for a different operating system whether it is for Windows Mac operating system
and Linux operating system.
So in our case we're going to choose Linux 64 bits just need to click here and then download the software
and file would be saved into the downloads folder.
Takes a little bit of time to install and now it's done
you can go download folder and then what you need to do is just extract the zip package like this and
finally copy the package into the home directory.
Now I have it here to the home that actually it's called Adreno one point a point x.
Ok this is in the source folder.
OK we have the original executable that you are going to use to start a new integrated development environment
and you have different other folders.
So it is for them.
It has several examples that we can access from the Integrated Development Environment.
Also here we have some libraries and this is where you are going to have the libraries related to or
about operating system at a later stage.
Not to start.
When you open a terminal and then you need to go to the other window.
OK so here we have our window and you can see that we have to execute a plan.
So all you need to do is to do that slash Arduino and even open.
So these are different programs so we can go here.
The examples are these are examples that they have shown to you before.
OK you can add one examples.
So the next video I'm going to show you how to write a program for a neutral range sensor.